I agree, however i don't think we have a platform for even effectively
expressing ourselves. You cant really hold an engaging discussion where
everyones voice is heard with 40 people

This is literally the point of the new structures The structure should aim to
replicate all decision making power and capabilities (status quo) with just a
new way to engage with it. From there new decision making processes can be
created

Well I think we should not have a single “round” of discussion, but only an
ongoing continuous discussion where the results from people’s thinking can be
concisely documented in text (in PRs to the structure) and further integrated
into the new structure or addressed. This should occur both before and after
the new structure “takes effect”. Additionally I would encourage many many
“small rounds” of discussion (probably < 2-4 people) which document their
thinking and add it to the structure as already described.

yeah I mean, I would argue that large in person (or teleconference) phone calls
are an ineffective and illegitimate medium to hold real conversation whereby
the sentiments of the people involved are truly expressed

typically a few large voices dominate the room and tend to be presumed as
representing everyone who is quite, but I think it this is usually not the
case.

I would also argue that if you hold the conversation across multiple mediums,
then the capacity to really address and integrate every single point becomes
lessened. - which suggests that the medium for engaging in the discussion must
be mandated - because we can no effective medium to discuss where the
discussion should be happening (edited) 

hmm… I’m not sure you’ve grok’d my earlier point. I’ve expressed that it’s
simply impossible to hold a balanced conversation with this many people outside
of a mandated communication platform. We could mandate a communication
platform, and then on that platform come to the consensus that we should should
change platforms… that’s definitely a real possibility


_____________________


In this context acting with legitimacy is equivalent to acting out the actions of a 
legitimized structure within its jurisdiction.
